# CS-250
Software development lifecycle
Staton, Timothy

CS 250

Software development lifecycle

8/16/2023

Even though there are a seemingly limitless number of ways in which user demands may be interpreted, I've found that the most successful strategy for establishing a user's needs is to do so during the information-gathering process. This is the step where I've identified to be the most effective method. My view is that tackling a problem by asking the typical questions is not always going to be the most productive tactic in every circumstance. To get the most out of these questions, it is important to know some background information on the user and what they do. after you have this customized information, you can use it to apply that knowledge to your program and analyze if someone would be a better fit for your team based on their potential similar interests and skills regarding the product that is being created after you have this information. Once you have this customized information, you can use it to apply that knowledge to your program. When you have finished gathering all this information, you will be able to go on to the next step in the process. One of the phases involved in this technique is developing user stories in line with the product backlog. This is only one of the many steps involved. This demonstrates that you can express the precise needs that the user, the application, and the other members of the team needed to function properly. These user stories have been crafted with the intention of providing members of the development team with a rundown of the tasks that need to be completed to properly carry out a certain function while using the software or the system.

When I initially began learning how to code, I would just try to figure things out as I went along. I eventually got the hang of it, however. On the other hand, I've realized that the method that works best for me when it comes to developing a program is to begin by creating an outline of everything that must be done in the project. I'm going to treat this as a single, all-encompassing user narrative for the sake of my analysis. I also now divide the development of the software into many sprints, during which I constantly test the code as I go along and sort out any problems, with the purpose of guaranteeing that the products of each sprint can be merged in the way that I have envisioned. In addition, I also divide the development of the software into multiple sprints, during which I test the code continuously as I go along and sort out any issues. In the future, I want to work on a personal project and split its sprints among the several Scrum-Agile roles (product owner, scrum master, developer, and tester), therefore satisfying all the associated responsibilities for each member of the team.

An asset to any team is a member that can carry out the responsibilities that have been assigned to them while also aiding their fellow players whenever they are able to do so. However, even though the outputs of each member of the team are essential to the successful completion of the project, this does not indicate that they should allow their own work to suffer because of helping a member of the team. Without a shadow of a doubt, these members need to be helping other people to reduce the likelihood that other people will want their aid soon. The capacity to make contributions that are significant to the operations of the team as well as the capacity to both offer and receive criticism in a way that is constructive are two further qualities that are associated with competent team members.
